docs(clickstack): document heatmap dashboard tile (#6151)
ClickHouse/clickhouse-docs: docs/use-cases/observability/clickstack/dashboards/index.md

<Image img={dashboard_5} alt="Dashboard with visuals 2" size="lg"/>

### Add a heatmap tile for span duration {#create-a-tile-heatmap}

Heatmap tiles plot the count of events falling into each (time, value) bucket as a colored grid. Use a heatmap when you want to see the **shape** of a distribution over time, not just the average or a single percentile. A latency heatmap reveals bimodal duration patterns, slow-tail clusters, or sudden spreads that a Line chart would average away.

> Select `Add New Tile`, then choose the `Heatmap` visualization type from the top menu. The data source dropdown only shows sources whose [source type is `Traces`](/use-cases/observability/clickstack/config#traces); logs, metrics, and session sources are filtered out, since heatmaps need a span duration column that only traces sources provide. Pick any of your traces sources by name; the name itself is arbitrary, only the type matters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add a heatmap tile:
1. Select `Add New Tile`
2. Choose the `Heatmap` visualization type from the top menu. The data source dropdown only shows sources that have a source type of `Traces`](/use-cases/observability/clickstack/config#traces). Logs, metrics, and session sources are filtered out, since heatmaps need a span duration column that only traces sources provide.
3. Pick any of your traces sources by name. The name itself is arbitrary, only the type matters.
```

Once a source is selected, the heatmap pre-fills:

- **Value**: the source's `Duration Expression`, scaled to the current display unit (for example `(Duration)/1e6` to convert each event's span duration from nanoseconds to milliseconds)
- **Count**: `count()`

> Set a chart name, and use `Where` to scope the heatmap to a specific service or set of operations whose performance you want to observe. Adjust the time range to match the period of interest; wider ranges expose distribution shifts and bimodal latency patterns that shorter windows can hide. The example below shows a single service over a 24 hour window, with the fast and slow paths of its span duration clearly separated into two horizontal bands. To customize the heatmap further, click **Display Settings** to open a drawer for the **Scale** (Log or Linear), **Value**, and **Count** expression. The full list of options is documented in [Customize the heatmap](/use-cases/observability/clickstack/event_deltas#customize) on the Event Deltas page; the same drawer is reused.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Set a chart name, and use `Where` to scope the heatmap to a specific service or set of operations whose performance you want to observe.
5. Adjust the time range to match the period of interest. Wider ranges expose distribution shifts and bimodal latency patterns that shorter windows can hide. 

The example below shows a single service over a 24 hour window, with the fast and slow paths of its span duration clearly separated into two horizontal bands.

To customize the heatmap further, click **Display Settings** to open a drawer for the **Scale** (Log or Linear), **Value**, and **Count** expression. The full list of options is documented in [Customize the heatmap](/use-cases/observability/clickstack/event_deltas#customize) on the Event Deltas page. The same drawer is reused.
```
